# Questions
1.  Inversion to get $x(t)$ in paper... see below derivation sketch.
2.  The measures in the first paper listed appear to be: i) Relative Power 
    ($\frac{P_s}{P_r}$); ii) PDP, and iii) RMS Delay Spread... I get the second two,
    but how can the first be computed by simply summing? I believe it's an incoherent
    sum because they're assuming random phases?
4.  They mention the wave is non-uniform ... 



# [Evaluation of the Role of Diffuse Scattering in Urban Microcellular Propagation](../papers/11.Evaluation_of_the_role_of_diffuse_scattering_in_urban_microcellular_propagation.pdf) 

## Prerequisite Formulae

Notation - $dW$:
> Let $dW$ be an infinitesimal surface element belonging to a building wall.

Solid angle formula:
> $d \Omega = \frac{dW \cos \theta_i}{r_i^2}$

## Assumptions

1.  $S$ scattering parameter definition: $S:= \frac{\vert E_s \vert }{\vert E_i 
    \vert}\vert_{dW} $
    > S is defined as the ratio between local scattered field and incident field
2.  Lambertian scattered component: $\vert E_s \vert \propto \sqrt{\cos \theta_s} $
    > The scattered wave is a non-uniform spherical wave whose amplitude is expressed
    by $\vert E_s \vert = E_{S0}\sqrt{\cos \theta_s}$

There's also the following which aren't necessary:

-   Spherical incoming wave:
    > $\vert E_i \vert$ is proportional to $(1/r_i)$
-   Wall dimensions:
    > The height $h$ of the wall is assumed to be small enough compared to the 
    horizontal dimensions so that we can neglect the difference in delay of the
    fields scattered at different heights in a vertical strip of the wall.

## Derivations

### Local Power Density Relation:
$ S^2 \ \vert E_i \vert_{dW}^2 \ r_i^2 \ d \Omega = \iint_{\Omega} \vert E_s \vert_{dW}^2 \ r_s^2 d
\Omega $

The LHS is just the total power density (scaled by $\eta$, intrinsic impedance) of
the incoming wave normalized by $S^2$ to factor in scattering effect.
The RHS is the power density (also scaled by $\eta$) as computed via a cross-section
of the scattered ray-tube.

The solid angle formulae and assumption 2 can be used along with the above to derive:

$$
\vert E_s \vert_{dW} = S \sqrt{\frac{dW \cos \theta_i \cos \theta_s}{\pi}} \frac{1}{r_s} 
\vert E_i \vert_{dW}
$$

### Local Power Density Relation (in terms of setup parameters)
The above formula has the issue that the variables $r_s$, $\theta_i$ and $\theta_s$
are not written in terms of setup parameters (Tx/Rx height, etc). We can also derive:
1. $r_s = \sqrt{y^2_{Rx} + (x_{Rx} - x_{Tx} - w)^2}$,
2. $\cos \theta_s = \frac{y_{Rx}}{r_s}$, and 
3. $\cos \theta_i = \frac{1}{\sqrt{1+ (\frac{w}{y_{Tx}})^2}}$

which leads to

$$
\vert E_s \vert_{dW} = S \sqrt{ \frac{dW \ y_{Rx}}{\left(1+(\frac{w}{y_{Tx}})^2\right)^{\frac{1}{2}} \ \left(y^2_{Rx} + (x_{Rx} - x_{Tx} - w)^2\right)^{\frac{3}{4}}} } \ \vert E_i \vert_{dW}
$$

### Time Delay Inversion

The above simplified local power density relation can alternatively be expressed in
terms of time delay $t$ instead of distance along the wall $w$. Here, we have 
$$
ct = \sqrt{w^2 + y^2_{Tx}} + \sqrt{y^2_{Rx} + (x_{Rx} - x_{Tx} - w)^2}
$$

The authors mention

> The dependence of $t$ on $w$ can be inverted 

to give a quadratic formula for $w(t)$, however, it appears to do so you have to
truncate a Taylor approximation, which isn't mentioned.
