# Summary
The modern approach to G.O slightly modifies Fresnel equations.

In P.O, we have the wave vector contribution per configuration given by `E_i = R(rx_d_i) G(rx_d_i, r)`. Here `r` is the position of the Rx, `R` is the wave vector at an individual point on the wall, and `G` is a Green's function, relating to the wave equations of Maxwell and the geometrical setup.

For a cylindrical wave (2d setup), the Green's function reduces to Hankel's functions: `G(rx_d_i, r) = sqrt(r_1)/sqrt( r_1 + r_2 ) e^{-jk(r_1 + r_2)}`, and `R` is just the Fresnel coefficient. Here `r_1` and `r_2` are the distances from reflection point of the transmitter and receiver respectively

# Questions

* ~~**Tx/Rx Geometry**: current approach is to calculate reflectance between point sources for one wall of fixed length, with varying receiver positions. **What's the appropriate way to complete this portion? i.e. should we go with:**~~ the assumptions I'm currently using are sensible and in practice we can go with the Rx as a point source in the modelling setup We can adjust the Tx profile later easily.
    * ~~**spherical Tx radiation or non-uniform?**~~
    * ~~**curved Rx or sphere?**~~
* ~~**Vector/Wavenumber Questions**: you had mentioned a complex vector involving `-k*R` for complex arg and `1 / ( sqrt( k*R ))` as the complex magnitude.~~ This `R` refers actually to position and the quantity is an approximation for a Greens function which relates the wave vector between two point sources. This particular approximation (the "far-field" approximation) is of the so-called "Hankel functions of the second kind" (evaluated with `m=0`) which are for a cylindrical wave.
    * ~~**Is `R` the position vector or reflectance?**~~
    * ~~**Is there a source for this equation?**~~
    * ~~**Is the magnitude correct? It seems like having the magnitude be inversely proportional to (`sqrt` of) `R` is wrong. Why would a high reflectance result in small contribution? Also, if it's the position vector, why `sqrt`**~~
    * ~~**Is the complex arg correct? I can see a reference to a position vector `r` but not reflectance `R`. Also, what about the negative sign?**~~
    * ~~**I assume we'll be doing a sort of integral/sum over these contributions?**~~
* ~~**Next Meeting**: should probably have more frequent. Any availability from Friday week?~~ Meeting at 14:00 or 15:00 on Thursday 17-04-2025
