# Summary of work since last time

* I spent some time coding trying to figure out the electric field components and ended up essentially with a product of Hankel functions. I tried plotting the cumulative value of the field and was convinced what I was doing was largely incorrect as there was no convergence, but setting the frequency to around your values showed some convergence.
* Got Balanis book and reviewed Green's functions a little along with the derivation of the Hankel functions in cylindrical setup.
* Reviewed and tidied code a little - to refactor / modify later.

# Questions

([PO Explanation](https://github.com/AndyWhelan/DCU-Project-2025/blob/main/PO_Explanation.pdf))

* Why is there no spreading (e.g. Hankel functions) for the incident field? Seems there should be overll two spreading terms... one from Tx to wall, then from wall to Rx? *Far-field approximation limiting case of cylindrical wave is plane wave. The other hankel function is the green's function for 2d problem. Every individual contribution is like a cylindrical wave but overall sum will be more like a plane wave (but not exactly).*
* Looks like we're assuming the secondary source is proportional to *magnetic* current density ([wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetic_current)). Why are we assuming this? *Electric current. It is one of the boundary conditions.*
* Expression for incident magnetic field `H^i(r) = (1/ω*μ0) ∇×E^i(r)`:
    * Is this Maxwell-Faraday? If so, shouldn't there be a time derivative for magnetic field? If not, where? *It is Maxwell-Faraday. We assume time-harmonic fields, i.e. of the form `f(r)e^{jωt}`, and that `B = μH`. Follows from those two assumptions.*
    * It looks like there's something other than 1 in the top (`j`?) - what is it? *It's imaginary unit `j`*
    * Is the sign in the second expression correct? (refer to paper calcs) *Yes. Worked out separately. Difference was due to the `j` factor*.
* Do you mean to say the normal vector is `n = y`, not `n = z`? The calculation for `J^{PO}` only works if so. *Correct.*
* Why is the surface current on the plate `n × H`? (I understand the directionality via curl, but what about any normalization?) *One of the boundary conditions is that the surface current is equal to the tangential magnetic field, which is by definition `n × H`*
* Why is the coefficient `kη0/4` in the  scattered field `kη0/4 * ∫ J_z(r') hankel(k(r-r')) dl`? *Part of the Green's function. But the k and eta come from Maxwell. Should there be a j? I think the js will cancel (one from green's function, and one from maxwell)... however I can't derive the eta...*
* Why no spreading in the GO formulation `E_{GO} = E0 e^{-jk⋅r}`? *Plane wave (as above!)*
* Why don't the graphs match when I change the frequency to 3MHz or 30MHz? *Fails as we go lower due to scaling*.
* Why is `disc_per_wavelength = 20`? *Maybe overkill. 4 minimum as trying to capture wave variation*
* Why is strip length `40 * wavelength`? *with larger plate the interference of the edges is less severe.. somewhat arbitrary but the larger the better.*
* The `self` term for diagonal in MoM - demystify? e.g. the 1.781 number... seems to be explained in [this paper](https://www.eeng.dcu.ie/~brennanc/publications/papers/2012/RIA_2012_a.pdf) as `γ`? *Note it's related to an asymptotic of Hankel for small value of r. Some Euler-Mascheroni magic!*
* Plan of attack... what should I prioritize:
    * Adding the diffuse component,
    * Changing the wall shape (what would this affect in the calcs, e.g. for GO would I need to take into account slope of the wall at PoC, and would I need to take into account multiple bounces?)
    * Is it worth me modifying the code to do the TM polarization case?
    * Anything else important to vary?
*Changing wall shape: figuring out new normal... incident magnetic field at centre.. with this can look at using Geometrical Optics in different ways! After exploring that can look at the code for the setup with a volume /dielectric etc.*

# TODO
I can't come up with the derivation of the `η` in the scattered field integral. You mentioned it comes from Maxwell... can you please provide a brief derivation? I have some calculations but I'm coming up with a factor of `c` not `eta`.
